Python Cookbook
 Alex Martelli, David Ascher, Anna Martelli Ravenscroft
3
2002
The Python Cookbook is a collection of problems, solutions, and practical examples for Python programmers, written by Python programmers. Over the past year, members of the Python community have contributed material to an online repository of Python recipes hosted by ActiveState. 



Client-Server Web Apps with JavaScript and Java

 Casimir Saternos

 O'Reilly Media
01/04/2104

As a Java programmer, how can you tackle the disruptive client-server approach to web development? With this comprehensive guide, you’ll learn how today’s client-side technologies and web APIs work with various Java tools. Author Casimir Saternos provides the big picture of client-server development, and then takes you through many practical client-server architectures. You’ll work with hands-on projects in several chapters to get a feel for the topics discussed.

User habits, technologies, and development methods have drastically altered web app design in recent years. But the Web itself hasn’t changed. This book shows you how to build apps that conform to the web’s underlying architecture.

Learn the advantages of using separate client and server tiers, including code organization and speedy prototyping
Explore the major tools, frameworks, and starter projects used in JavaScript development
Dive into web API design and REST style of software architecture
Understand Java’s alternatives to traditional packaging methods and application server deployment
Build projects with lightweight servers, using jQuery with Jython, and Sinatra with Angular
Create client-server web apps with traditional Java web application servers and libraries



Raspberry Pi Cookbook
By Simon Monk

Publisher: O'Reilly Media

Release Date: December 2013
3
Pages: 412

The world of Raspberry Pi is evolving quickly, with many new interface boards and software libraries becoming available all the time. In this cookbook, prolific hacker and author Simon Monk provides more than 200 practical recipes for running this tiny low-cost computer with Linux, programming it with Python, and hooking up sensors, motors, and other hardware—including Arduino.

You’ll also learn basic principles to help you use new technologies with Raspberry Pi as its ecosystem develops. Python and other code examples from the book are available on GitHub. This cookbook is ideal for programmers and hobbyists familiar with the Pi through resources such as Getting Started with Raspberry Pi (O’Reilly).

Set up and manage your Raspberry Pi
Connect the Pi to a network
Work with its Linux-based operating system
Use the Pi’s ready-made software
Program Raspberry Pi with Python
Control hardware through the GPIO connector
Use Raspberry Pi to run different types of motors
Work with switches, keypads, and other digital inputs
Hook up sensors for taking various measurements
Attach different displays, such as an LED matrix
Create dynamic projects with Raspberry Pi and Arduino



TCP/IP Network Administration, 3rd Edition
Help for Unix System Administrators
By Craig Hunt

Publisher: O'Reilly Media
3
Release Date: March 2010

Pages: 752

This complete guide to setting up and running a TCP/IP network is essential for network administrators, and invaluable for users of home systems that access the Internet. The book starts with the fundamentals -- what protocols do and how they work, how addresses and routing are used to move data through the network, how to set up your network connection -- and then covers, in detail, everything you need to know to exchange information via the Internet. Included are discussions on advanced routing protocols (RIPv2, OSPF, and BGP) and the gated software package that implements them, a tutorial on configuring important network services -- including DNS, Apache, sendmail, Samba, PPP, and DHCP -- as well as expanded chapters on troubleshooting and security. TCP/IP Network Administration is also a command and syntax reference for important packages such as gated, pppd, named, dhcpd, and sendmail. With coverage that includes Linux, Solaris, BSD, and System V TCP/IP implementations, the third edition contains:
Overview of TCP/IP
Delivering the data
Network services
Getting startedM
Basic configuration
Configuring the interface
Configuring routing
Configuring DNS
Configuring network servers
Configuring sendmail
Configuring Apache
Network security
Troubleshooting
Appendices include dip, ppd, and chat reference, a gated reference, a dhcpd reference, and a sendmail reference
This new edition includes ways of configuring Samba to provide file and print sharing on networks that integrate Unix and Windows, and a new chapter is dedicated to the important task of configuring the Apache web server. Coverage of network security now includes details on OpenSSH, stunnel, gpg, iptables, and the access control mechanism in xinetd. Plus, the book offers updated information about DNS, including details on BIND 8 and BIND 9, the role of classless IP addressing and network prefixes, and the changing role of registrars. Without a doubt, TCP/IP Network Administration, 3rd Edition is a must-have for all network administrators and anyone who deals with a network that transmits data over the Internet.